---
title: Day14 - Scope (Python 3)
author: HyunMin Kim
date: 2020-06-05 00:00:00 0000
categories: [Hacker Ranker, 30 Days of Code]
tags: []
---

- URL : <https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/30-scope/problem>{:target="_blank"}

- Objective
    - Today we're discussing scope. Check out the Tutorial tab for learning materials and an instructional video!

    - The absolute difference between two integers, a and b, is written as |a-b|. The maximum absolute difference between two integers in a set of positive integers, elements, is the largest absolute difference between any two integers in elements.

    - The Difference class is started for you in the editor. It has a private integer array (elements) for storing N non-negative integers, and a public integer (MaximumDifference) for storing the maximum absolute difference.

- Task
    - Complete the Difference class by writing the following:
        - A class constructor that takes an array of integers as a parameter and saves it to the elements instance variable.
        - A computeDifference method that finds the maximum absolute difference between any 2 numbers in N and stores it in the MaximumDifference instance variable.

- Input Format
    - You are not responsible for reading any input from stdin. The locked Solution class in your editor reads in 2 lines of input; the first line contains N, and the second line describes the elements array.

- Constraints
    - 1 <= N <= 10
    - 1 <= elements[i] <= 100, where 0 <= i <= N-1
    
- Output Format
    - You are not responsible for printing any output; the Solution class will print the value of the MaximumDifference instance variable.

#### 문제풀이
- array a에서의 2개의 원소들의 차중에 가장 큰 값을 찾는것, 가장큰값에서 가장 작은값을 빼면됨.


```python
class Difference:
    def __init__(self, a):
        self.__elements = a
	# Add your code here
    def computeDifference(self):
        self.maximumDifference = max(self.__elements)-min(self.__elements)
        return self.maximumDifference
```
